Update the location of the list of chapters (#138)
rladies/rladiesguide: content/organization/intro/retiring/index.en.md

1. If you struggle to organise events, please let us know and we will put you in [contact with an experienced organiser that can mentor you](/coordination/monitoring/).
2. Please message the members of your chapter on meetup and ask if anyone is willing to help you co-organise the chapter or take over the chapter.

>   - If someone comes forward, send an email `chapters@rladies.org` to inform them of this change and share the new contact's information. Next, please check that the information concerning your chapter [here](https://github.com/rladies/rladies.github.io/tree/main/data/chapters) accurately reflects this change. If not, please make the necessary adjustments and submit a GitHub pull request to R-Ladies with the updated information. If you do not feel comfortable making a pull request, please mention this in your initial email to chapters@rladies.org. We will help you update the contact information for the chapter. The new contact will also receive access to the organiser Slack channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If someone comes forward, send an email `chapters@rladies.org` to inform them of this change and share the new contact's information. Next, please check that the information concerning your chapter [in our website repository](https://github.com/rladies/rladies.github.io/tree/main/data/chapters) accurately reflects this change. If not, please make the necessary adjustments and submit a GitHub pull request to R-Ladies with the updated information. If you do not feel comfortable making a pull request, please mention this in your initial email to chapters@rladies.org. We will help you update the contact information for the chapter. The new contact will also receive access to the organiser Slack channel.
```
